hey what's up guys so I'm gonna be
teaching you guys how to sign a key
against Exodia and the Exodia built
specifically that we're going to be
starting against is going to be the
Darrell Winston build that you know went
over at Worlds and it's a very popular
deck now and I've had a lot of requests
to how to beat this deck now I'm a lot
of people will a side deck real degree
but your opponents will be expecting
that so games two and three expect your
opponent to if they're playing is going
to expect them to sign deck mystical
Space typhoon as well as twisters and
how the deck relies if you guys are
unfamiliar with the deck is that
basically you the the Exodia player
wants to have as low as like possible
then they want to activate hope for
escape and draw a bunch of cards and
basically it's a whole bunch of traps
that you know they just chained to so
they will be signing Anestis and
twisters because most likely you'll have
rowed to create your side deck which is
a very great card however again they're
just going to side deck other cards that
destroy you so I'm going to show you a
bunch of cards that you can use some of
these won't be viable for every deck but
I know and also some of them are better
than others it's just because if you
possibly don't have them because I think
that have regionals some people will try
to run the Exodia variant and you know
some of these cards are kind of hard to
find like I know catapult turtle at
Nationals a lot of people were like does
anyone have countable Turtles it was
very hard card to find because people
wanted to use it against like final
countdown most of the stuff you can set
against final countdown as well but a
couple drill very good if you're playing
Cal sargans because you can swarm the
field and your monsters have relatively
large attack so it works very well in
that deck I know it takes our turn
because you get got a sense a tribute to
get out cattle turtle but that's not
really a problem because you'll probably
under the effect of one day piece
anyways so I would say by far one of the
best cards aside against them is
actually Jinzo because
Jinzo that you know they can't really
change a thing to Jinzo they can't
destroy Jinzo with FST or twister it
becomes a really problematic card for
them to deal with they basically have
you know they have a swift scarecrow so
that's really about it to protect
themselves they really got a draw into
those cards before you get out your
Jinzo
because if you can get a dead zone early
on against that deck and they don't have
like a dark hole some of them I've seen
some players that were playing the the
Exodia vent playing dark hole just
because sometimes you'll overextend and
wobble cool than those dark hole you and
then you have to kind of get your field
back up again but yeah I feel like Jen's
would probably wanted
cards actually decide deck over decree I
know the reason why most people assign
deck the decrees because decree can hit
multiple decks whereas you know Genzo
not might not be that great against
certain decks like for examples I know
executives love to side roll decree
whereas you know deciding you know Jinzo
just might not be an option for them but
if you're specifically side deck against
Exodia I would say Jinzo is probably one
of the your best bets but I'll show you
the other hard so cut up will try to put
pretty good he's like a very bad version
of dark fighter but yeah you can't
remove one monster to inflict damage
equal to half of its attack so pretty
decent especially again it's really good
in chaos dragons the rest of these cards
most leaders like burn damage we have
solar flare dragon pretty decent so he
also has another factor we have two of
them on the field essentially or another
pyro-type monster you can't tag so
LeFleur dragon so I mean exert it's not
gonna really attack you anyway so you
won't have to worry about that so yeah
it's just 500 burn every turn Dino this
car got reprinted several times so this
card should be probably one of the
easiest cards that I'm going to talk
about to actually obtain and then we
have a bear whoosh Oni
he's the heat we'll call him a bear but
anyways so it's a once per turn you can
toss a coin and call it and you call it
right and inflict a thousand damage to
your opponent if you call it wrong you
take a thousand damage and if you guys
don't remember you want to actually have
lower life against Exodia because we're
not gonna really burn you because they
want to have a lower difference so even
if you call it wrong technically you
still kind of get an advantage if you
guys get what I'm saying so that's an
option also there's amazoness archers
seeing tribute do monsters you control
to inflict 1200 damage so maybe if
you're playing a deck that can swarm
really easy or you know can have
multiple monsters on the field really
simple I'd say like frog box I mean
you'll always have that additional
monster to tribute so I'm thinking in
front of March this would be a great
option because it's trick it's just
tribute so you know if you can just get
out like another you know you can just
discard one spot some spot fragment this
could be an option as well as what I'm
saying because um you know slimes the
Exodia player will take some damage
early on because they want to have
little Life Points and then just inflict
fern damage them and then they'd lose so
keep that in mind as well and then
there's does koala this card outing is
that great but I know this cards are
pretty easy to come by so I know Jody
I'd like they can draw a lot of cards I
don't think this cards you know that
group but it can potentially flip up and
you can just take like so much damage
that they automatically lose
that could be an option because I know
sometimes when it's your turn and if you
have this card face down and you like
Emmer see a face down they like start
chaining all their stuff they end up
drawing like ten cards you flip that des
koala man they're going to take some
huge points of damage right there
next card up is beau Canaan and so
during each wondrous my phase you click
send it to 600 I'm just more burn damage
some shows what this is it's better than
Solar Flare dragon by 100 life extra
damage but yes falafels are going
probably easier to come by I don't even
know if I have any of these Denso we
talk to a probably won the best cards
also this is a pretty good burn card but
again this card in play not excused
because they will side MSE and twisters
so they can hit this but I know those
cards pretty decent as well just because
the the duel most likely will be lasting
a long time so boy bush condom can be an
option for you
probably better present wave motion
counts Telford definitely very good just
because you just do thousand average
every turn
basically wave motion except for it
deals automatically and they can IMS to
your assault work last card we'll talk
about is Jim cows so dim Cal is good
because you know it's it's one of those
cards like just like a real decree where
you can side deck against multiple decks
I would say like what is glad your beats
gonna do against and doom caliber
tonight there's pretty much limited
stuff that bees can do not the globe you
store a popular deck anyways but even
against like you know certain deck
section sectors
I know Giga mantas still kind of does
hurt doing Cal but you know do cows just
overall pretty solid card and it could
be used against multiple side X and what
this will do this will essentially stop
them from using swift scarecrow so when
you know that you have game and they
don't have any back row you know that
you can go for game because you know
doom how old the gates are so scarecrow
so I'll keep that in mind
also this card here last card if you're
playing like her onyx you guys are
already familiar with the card
superdreadnought rail cannon Gustav max
so this card really good just looks
2,000 damage and you can basically do it
twice because they're not going to get
rid of this card it has 3000 attack so
basically you can do a 4,000 points
damages what this card allows you to do
takes two turns to do it pretty good
card but keep in mind one day a piece
still stops effect damage so that is
very important to remember do not
activate some of these cards when you
are under the effect of one day a piece
that's very important as well but yeah
that's basically how to sign a qug and
some those are my choices I'd say you're
playing cash ragams definitely check out
this card pretty much any other deck I
would honestly say sell Burton Jinzo
those are really good as well as I mean
you can potentially work well which
would be hilarious to just cuz it is des
koala let me look at him he's a koala
but yeah I'd say you definitely your
best bet is Jinzo by far I would
recommend Jinzo if you are afraid of
playing them against the stack if you
can pull off the Jinzo it basically will
almost go
guaranteed they have Swiss scarecrow
that's really about it and they can't
chain anything that's the important
thing is you do not want them to be able
to change because even if you flip that
royal decree they can still technically
to the royal decree they can still train
everything that's important to remember
too so keep that in mind and I hope this
guys this will help you out against
Exodia because it is a very popular deck
right now and you could maybe expect to
see it if the deck doesn't really get
hit perhaps just as one of those
surprise decks kind of like final
countdown but thanks for watching guys
usually eyes white dragon signing out